fix: environment variable substitution in config doesn't work with boolean values (#15423)
backstage/backstage: .changeset/tidy-flies-cheer.md

---
'@backstage/config': patch
---

> Handle a case when boolean configuration parameters are given a string type of 'true' or 'false'. This happens particularly when such parameters are used with environmental substitution as environment variables are always strings.

Reviewer: Think this changeset could do with adding a few more of the supported boolean types now as we've added some more, maybe it makes sense to add these to the list too.

```suggestion
Adds the ability to be able to coerce values to their boolean representatives. 
Thinks such as `"true"` `1` `on` and `y` will become `true` when using `getBoolean` and the opposites `false`.
This happens particularly when such parameters are used with environmental substitution as environment variables are always strings.
```
